so guess what you're a famous actor who
stars in exciting action and adventure
comedies
you have millions of dollars and
millions of fans
it's cool but you want something more
you want serious roles and acting awards
that's why you decide to play a
character who has lost
all of their teeth and to better prepare
for the part
you choose to remove all of your own
day one you're standing across the
street opposite a dental clinic
you have doubts do you actually need to
do this
how will your life change what will
people say
but you've made up your mind you go to
the clinic
sit in a chair the dentist gives you
anesthesia
and you fall asleep you hear the dentist
voice
she asks how you feel you want to answer
not bad
but say consonants are very difficult to
pronounce
and you are still groggy from the
anesthesia the dentist
informs you that the operation was a
success and gives you a mirror
you're afraid to look but you do in the
reflection
you see a mouth without teeth
you walk down the street wearing dark
glasses a medical mask and a hood
so people don't recognize you you go to
the store to buy milk
the cashier asks you a question but you
can't
answer clearly teeth affect airflow
during speech
also the tongue must be in contact with
teeth to pronounce some words
firmly and clearly the cashier doesn't
understand what you said
so you take out your phone and type it
you use this method of communication for
the next few days
day three life without teeth is
complicated
you don't hang out with people don't
give interviews don't show up at a party
because you can't speak audibly
the press reports that you're working
hard to prepare for the role of a
toothless man
but no one knows that you have removed
all your teeth
filming starts in three days you're
learning the script and have hired a
speech therapist to teach you to
pronounce words
as clearly as possible a nutritionist
also helps you
she provides a healthy diet which
includes mostly smoothies
you go to bed earlier than you're used
to and feel like you've forgotten
something
you smile at toothless smile this is one
of the main advantages of having no
teeth
you don't have to clean them anymore you
can forget about your toothbrush and
dental floss
and toothpaste you clench your jaw and
feel the soft friction of your gums
against each other
it reminds you of when you were young
and you lost your baby teeth
in the morning you need to spend less
time in the bathroom
which means you can sleep in a little
longer
day seven you have impressed the film
director with your deed
the shooting crew admires you but you
still feel
unsure you try to communicate less with
people
despite the practice with the speech
therapist you're still difficult to
understand
so the director decides to record
someone else's voice
and insert it over your lines after
shooting
you go to the supermarket you stop near
the shelves you've always passed before
without teeth
you don't need to worry about cavities
you add chocolate bars
candy marmalade 10 types of ice cream
milkshakes and even fancy cocktails to
the cart
a kid looks at you with envy you give
him a toothless
smile you put all of the sweets in a
large mixer at home
and make a huge chocolate cocktail you
spend the whole
evening drinking it and eating ice cream
for the first time
in a long time you're happy
day 12. the movie is in full swing
you're in a great mood and you're
shooting the most crucial scene
suddenly your stomach rumbles
interrupting your line
your body is tired of the smoothie diet
your stomach is struggling to get
vitamins and has digestive issues
you need to eat something less liquid
day 13 you arrive at the dental clinic
again
they take a picture of your jaw and make
a prosthesis prosthesis
they make you some dentures this should
help you chew
food and communicate indeed the dentures
work
you speak clearly and people finally
understand you
the first thing you do is go to a
restaurant and order
a juicy burger you take a bite and
realize you have different food problems
now
yeah the dentures helped you but they
put pressure on your gums
besides food particles fall behind and
underneath the dentures
and irritate your entire mouth the
dentures don't weigh much
but it's enough to make your mouth feel
tight and the worst thing is
you can't taste the food as before your
palate also has taste buds
but now it's blocked by the dentures so
you decide to eat regular food
but don't chew it all the way through at
night you put your dentures in a small
glass of liquid to keep them
day 16 after the weekend you start
reshooting that vital scene again
you rehearse stand in front of the
camera and
your stomach still rumbles yeah you're
eating typical food now
but it falls into your stomach in larger
chunks which is hard on your digestion
also you're often tired and have lost
weight your body is losing energy every
day
and your immune system is weakened but
you
have a solution you take everyday food
and grind it in a blender
burgers vegetables steaks muffins and
puddings
are all served in liquid form yeah this
is disgusting
but you're willing to endure it for your
art
day 24 liquid burgers have helped you
regain your usual weight
almost all your scenes have been filmed
and you begin to dream of
everything being over day 30
a month without teeth today was the last
day of filming
the director and the entire crew thank
you for your work
you run to the clinic to start to
restore your teeth
dennis will insert expensive implants
that will be stronger and better than
your previous teeth
you sit in the chair ready for the
operation your phone rings
it's the director he says there was a
fire in the editing room
and all the video files were lost you
will have to re-shoot the movie
you run to the studio in anger you can't
believe
all your work is gone you don't want to
live without your teeth anymore
the director suggests just using cgi to
remove your teeth digitally
that way you could still have your
implants you need to think about it at
home
in your kitchen you throw a slice of
pizza in the blender
have dinner and decide not to restore
your teeth just yet
visual effects aren't the same as an
actor who shows the truth
day 35 filming starts again
you work hard and your scenes are even
better than before
day 70 your work is finally over
everything went well and the movie
promises to be amazing
you return to your trailer wash your
face and make one
final burger cocktail day 71
you start the operation it takes 2 weeks
for the dentist to fully restore your
teeth
finally you look in the mirror and smile
with 32 teeth
you take a big bite of an apple it's so
good
all day long you eat your regular food
in the morning
your jaw muscles hurt like they've
worked out in a gym
six months later your movie releases the
audience and movie critics are
super impressed the movie brings in tons
of awards
including one for your performance you
prove to the whole world that you
are a real actor you're so proud of
yourself
and think back on how hard you work for
this role
you have no regrets and are glad
everything ended well
you fall asleep with a smile on your
face
soon your telephone rings it's the
director
he says the movie studio and producers
have greenlit the sequel
and wants you to return to the roll you
tell them
not to be hasty and that you'll chew on
it for a while